There's something that is bothering me a little bit, not too much.
You notice that our field here doesn't take the entire span of this container and we want that.
So how do we change that?
Well, let's go back to our components.
That's where we have created this outline field, which is inside of this input.
Composable?
OK.
So you notice here where we have our modifier, we can actually obviously continue right, tag along
and say, fill max with that.
And if we refresh or run or refine this, we should be able to see the result that we want, which is
going to be something like this all the way, like that.
And while I can see it works great, I can add a value here again and who have split click and it's
looking really good.
All right, so that was a small thing that I wanted to clear out because it was just bugging him a little
bit and I'm sure it was may have been bugging you as well.
All right.
So while we're here, we can go back to our main here because we know that between these buttons, we
want to add yet another text.
The text that's going to be holding the actual split value.
So let's see Roe have our buttons.
So in the middle here, this is where I'm going to say text.
It's going to pass on a tax there, and I'm going to say.
For now, let's just put.
Three.
And let's pass a modifier.
And I'm going to align this test this text here and use a line.
And alignment.
Senator, vertically such.
And let's tag along, keep it patting.
And I'm going to use this overload here.
So start, I'm going to give about nine dpi.
And it's going to be about nine dpi as well.
OK.
Let's see.
That's something.
Well, it's very good.
Now the idea, obviously, is as we go up, we want to change his value to go up quick minus going to
go down.
Now as an exercise, because we have seen this before.
I would like you to for now, just as a testing.
I want you to implement this up, adding more people and removing people, meaning we are going to discriminate
and increase.
So click plus, we want to see this number going up minus this going down.
But also, I want you to make sure that there's a range.
So the default value of Split here has to be one because we don't want to split it with zero, right?
That's not that makes no sense.
So when it gets to one, it matter how many times we click, minus it's not going to go below one.
OK, so take some time and think about it.
See if you can come up with a good solution.